sup guys DJ rated-r reppin battlestar
crew faders lost our audio in debate or
in the fader relish clothing actually
made the shirt right here yeah
Willie's work shot fresh yeah I'm right
here alright what I like about QC is the
fact that you can chat one-on-one with
cuber other like fellow students that
cues you so you guys can share ideas and
just talk about random stuff and
probably even hook up link up and like
also I like the shout out box because
it's a great way to like you know it's
kind of like reading your Facebook
status updates it's kind of like
everyone's like all like you know
putting stuff together like saying hey
hi I put this new beat up check it out
like how else would we know it's not on
the like general qsu page what is it
I like the form though on qsu because
the fact that there's so much postings
in there such as general talk post gigs
studio clear and recording scratch
profiles table techniques and customer
service what I'd like to add though as a
marketplace where other DJ's can sell
each other's equipment that they don't
want or they moved on to and want to
sell some older equipment to other
people who are up-and-coming or whoever
just wants anything like better gear
junkie so that's something to add you
know what's also dope about Kyushu the
fact that there's free beats you know
I'm saying so many free beats you could
download from different individual
students and cheaper himself you know
there's always something new to cut too
every day every other day every
following day or the day before or the
day before that and anything else after
that day you know I'm saying master
classes are really really sick I mean
it's the best way to get professional
criticism from to bring himself to get
like professional criticism from him
would be really dull for any
up-and-coming DJ or even any veteran DJ
because I mean who else knows scratching
like that guy does well you know what's
a good perk about being a QC student the
fact that you get dibs on all the new
test pressings that ever come out
I got combat cuts what's up and that
just that you get a 10% discount for
anything on a third Rumble website oh
snap
before QC I used to watch a lot of DJ
videos and turntable TV being one of my
favorites and I actually collected some
so Tory for ago zero
Canadian kungfu reverse moister bearded
wait that's it bread sure turntables in
one one I watched this video to this
helped me further my feet juggling but
now it's you I can do everything if it
wasn't for Q's you I think right now I
wouldn't be like as motivated to further
my scratch you can only learn so much on
your own
you know might as well learn from like
others that have been doing it for years
if you would certainly good example
because like his teachings like wow
blows you away with like with like new
scratching new techniques it's like
whenever thought about this before it's
like wow you would do that yo ray some
dear to me that she doing downtown what